Summary of the Proposal and Bid Strategy
Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation of India (DFCCIL) is a Special Purpose Vehicle set up under the administrative control of Ministry of Railways to undertake planning & development, mobilization of financial resources and construction, maintenance and operation of the Dedicated Freight Corridors. DFCCIL was incorporated in October 2006 under Indian Companies Act 1956. DFFCIL is developing two freight corridors in Eastern and Western part of India. Eastern corridor is divided into three sections APL1, APL2 & APL3. This particular section i.e. Mughalsarai-New Bhaupur section is APL 2. 
The bidding will be conducted according to the IBRD guidelines and will be in 2 stages, comprising un-priced first stage technical proposal and second stage bids. At this moment, Inabensa is trying to submit the first stage (un-priced technical proposal).
We are bidding as a Joint Venture. JV is formed Inabensa Instalaciones (49%) and L&T (51%)
The Project scope covers the electrification of a route length of 388.14 km of double line and approx..29.15 km of single line. Bulk of the length between Mughalsarai and New Bhapur runs parallel and close to the existing IR network. However, detours have been planned at eight locations. Total length rout of the detours is 126km. This section has five junction stations and seven crossing stations. The junction stations are connected with the IR stations through single line electrified sections covering a rout length of 29km. The power supply of the section will be obtained from 220kV/132kV grid substation of State Power Distribution Company DISCOM at the traction substations
The civil structure and track work has been planned to be assigned to other contractor through other contract
+Scope of each partner:
L&T 51% OHE + 51% TSS
IISA 49% OHE + 49% TSS
Global Risk Analysis
+Country Risk.
Country Risk: Red. 
Security plan cost should be taken into account in the tender cost 
1. We are going to bid in INR and EUR. Most of the collection will be in INR. The % are still in developing
2. For local currencies: 100% of the INR part will be subcontracted to Inabensa Bharat, whose currency is INR. Surplus of treasury cannot be repatriated. Money can be sent to Spain just as dividends. 
Foreign currencies: Are still on developing  
3 We have to identify banks, local legal and tax advisors. We are meeting banks/institution to have factoring lines as a foreign branch. Current credit lines are not enough to meet the requirement. Also in discussions with Erns and Young to have a sensible fiscal structure. 
4. The project is financed by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (World Bank) and part of these funds will be used to cover eligible payments of the contract
5. Payments will be done directly by the DFCC´s bank by direct transfer. The engineer shall, within 28 days after receiving a statement and supporting documents, issue to the client an interim payment certificate. The engineer shall be designed at the time of the contract signing
Payment due in each currency shall be made into the bank account of the contractor or its authorized members nominated by the contractor in the payment country (for this currency)
6. Arbitration: International arbitration in accordance with the rules of arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce.
The seat of arbitration shall be Singapore or Dubai.
7. We have to agree with suppliers and vendors Force Majeure clause where we will be allowed to terminate in case of FM. Force majeure clause shared with the suppliers/vendors.  
8. To be negotiated that Payments to the suppliers shall be done at the equipment delivery, not during the manufacturing. Normally suppliers ask for 5-10% advance payment, and the rest will be paid at time of delivery. However both financial teams (IISA and L&T) are working together to find a solution for payments to suppliers.
9. Payments to subcontractors in back to back basis. Usually it is not acceptable. We can manage some sub-contractors not all. Only 30 % of contract value can be subcontracted by each partner.
10. Current office in India is used as project office of IISA. There is no such restriction purchase for local office.  
11. Arrange hedges for N-R factoring and/or loan insurance, and take out insurances policies for the country risk. We are currently executing transmission line/substation projects. We do not foresee any risk.  
12. CF risk considering the committed costs and enforcement: At this stage we are submitting just the technical bid so no cost is developed
13. Monitoring as critical projects. Reported weekly.  
14. Mail to the Chairman’s Office about the evolution of the committed CF and authorization for payments. Reported weekly.
+Time for completion:
Time for Completion of the whole of the Facilities: 1000 days from the commencement date:
-Milestone 1: 360 days: prior to the occurrence of the milestone 1, the contractor shall have commenced the works entitling him a payment of at least 10% of the contract amount
-Milestone 2: 700 days: Prior the occurrence, the contractor shall have achieved:
+70% of foundations of OHE
+60% of erection of OHE
+50% of erection of cantilevers
+40% of permanent works that entitles to receive the payment of the 40% of the contract
- Milestone 3: 800 days. Prior the occurrence, the contractor shall have achieved:
+Transportation of all traction power transformers and all ATF 
+90% of the foundations of the OHE mast
+85% of erection of the OHE mast
+70% of erection of the cantilevers
+70% of permanent works that entitles to receive the payment of the 70% of the contract
- Milestone 4: 900 days. Prior the occurrence, the contractor shall have completed the tests on completion
- Milestone 5: 1000 days. Prior the occurrence, the contractor shall have completed all the contract works
Defect Notification 2 years from the Taking-Over Certificate
+Kind of contract: 
Kind of contract: “single responsibility”basis. Lump sum contract
The Contract Price shall be adjustable
There is price variation formula to this effect. Contract price to be lump sum. Metal prices, labor and fuel are adjustable.
+Guarantees:
-Advance payment: 10%
-Performance guarantee: 5%
-Retención; 5%
+Assignment: Credits rights are allowed to be assigned in favour of a bank or finance institution. The contractor shall not subcontract more than 30% of the total Works
+ The Contractor shall take full responsibility for the care of the Works and Goods from the Commencement Date until the Taking-Over Certificate is issued 
+LDs
Maximum deduction for liquidated damages: 5% of the accepted contract price. Milestone wise delay charges are following:
For Milestone 1 : INR 200,000 (2.756 Euros)  per day of delay. 
For Milestone 2 : INR 400,000 (5.512 Euros) per day of delay. 
For Milestone 3 : INR 800,000 (11.025 Euros) per day of delay. 
For Milestone 4 : INR 1,000,000 (13.782 Euros) per day of delay 
For Milestone 5 : INR 1,200,000 (16.538 Euros) per day of delay  
+Limit of liability: 100% except for indemnities and intellectual and property rights
+Loss of profits: Excluded except indemnities towards employer and other parties involved and payment on termination
+Defects
If the contractor fails to remedy the defects within a reasonable time, the employer may, at its option:
+carry out the works by itself or by others incurring ghee cost to the contractor
+reduce the contract price
+if the defect or damage deprives the client of substantially the whole benefit of the works or any major part of the works, terminate the contract as whole. The client shall be entitled to recover all sums paid for the works plus the financing costs and costs of dismantling the same, clearing the site and returning plan and materials to the contractor
+Termination by our side: Allowed
+Execution of the performance bond in case of suspension
The contract entitles to the contractor to suspend the same in case of non-payment of the